** If necessary, more efficient Library of Worlds terrain gen...or rather...terrain copying?
** Check LightFixer performance; it runs near each player, no matter the dimension.  Impact factor is probably roughly <player count> * <light count> (lights near the given player)

** Check interaction protection on live!!!



Add Library of Worlds lighting



Fix dimension type desync on dimension deletion...
...ensuring sync of just the dimension we're travelling to when teleporting should be sufficient, WHICH WOULD ALSO FIX THE ISSUE BELOW
...but I already tried this once and failed.  Maybe if I can delay the dimension load client-side until the dimension type is registered...



Fix terrain not loading on Faerun until you relog...
...doesn't happen if you're already in an instance when you log in

...this seems to happen when generating a dimension and then immediately sending the player there
...the player is sent to the dim before the client has been sent the info for it
...it doesn't happen if you were already there, because I have code to sync it early on at login

...another way of handling this is probably just to make sure the dimension is created sooner
...create personal dims upon login if they don't exist
...create just one library that everyone goes to, and change how the portals work per-player?

...ensuring sync of just the dimension we're travelling to when teleporting should be sufficient, WHICH WOULD ALSO FIX THE ISSUE ABOVE...
...but I already tried this once and failed.  Maybe if I can delay the dimension load client-side until the dimension type is registered...



Fix exp desync when teleporting back to overworld
Try possible inventory desync fix using a packet to force an inventory update



Make sure deleting an instance with offline players in it works correctly

Fix crash when deleting an unloaded personal instance from the dedicated console with no players online...only happens sometimes?



Non-Faerun

Disallow duplicate instance names?

Rename or remove all commands, so we don't get any conflicts with Simple Dimensions

Fix vanilla's BS allow-nether server setting in server.properties...setting it to false disables ALL dimension types besides the overworld!
https://bugs.mojang.com/browse/MC-85267



Low priority

Fix spinny camera bug when changing yaw/pitch during a teleport (currently avoiding by not changing yaw/pitch)

Get the client F3 to show the biome correctly
